so the multiple twists and turns is a
lot like the single twist and turn
only you keep it going the most
difficult thing about this move is the
more you do it the busier you get but
it's a pretty simple move and it's fun
and it looks impressive so I'm going to
start with my walks my inside foot is
going to be my initial turn there's my
initial turn instead of stopping where I
normally would I'm going to continue my
turn and just shift from one foot to the
next I'll demonstrate one more time
so you're walking your initial turn is
one instead of stopping here you're
going to continue your turning on your
feet there are two ways to spin yourself
around this pole one is with your hands
above one hand above your head and one
hand around your buttocks area the other
way is to keep both your hands low watch
my hands as I do this turn with one hand
about in one hand below here's my hand
below and here's my hand above by
keeping my hands here I keep a good
balance between means pull low hand high
hand turn low hand high and now if I
wanted to have both hands low
it's a little bit more difficult you
have to know where your body is both
look nice both are very graceful